Report's subject ID cannot be set by `doc.patient_uuid` (#1015)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/core/overview/db-schema.md

 - Store the form's identifier in the `form` field
 - May have a `contact` property, which is a minified version of the report author's contact and its hierarchy (see above)

> Reports can and should be linked to a contact when appropriate. The report's contact (sometimes called the report's subject) can be a person or place. The link between report and contact is established through one of the following properties one report:

Author: ```suggestion
Reports can and should be linked to a contact when possible. The report's associated contact (sometimes called the report's subject) can be either a person or place. The link between report and contact is established by defining one of the following properties within the report:
```

> Reports can and should be linked to a contact when possible. The report's associated contact (sometimes called the report's subject) can be either a person or place. The link between report and contact is established by defining one of the following properties within the report:

Reviewer: > The report's associated contact (sometimes called the report's subject)

I think the text is improved. Thanks for this. 

For the future, I believe this needs further disambiguation, because, historically, there was confusion about what the `contact` really is, and rightly so, since the `contact` field actually references the submitter. I sometimes think we should exclusively use `submitter` and `subject` and try to avoid saying "contact" altogether.

 1. A person shortcode or uuid at `doc.fields.patient_id`, `doc.fields.patient_uuid`, or `doc.patient_id`

>  2. A place shortcode or uuid at `doc.fields.place_id` or `doc.place_id`.

Reviewer: I'm usually reluctant to just say `uuid` and think that everyone knows this always refers to the reserved `_id` field of a given document. In your experience, this is obvious enough?
